I want to automate trading by automated scalping at first I want to paper trade.
I have transcripts of experts I want to summarise and use their knowledge, these are in the transcripts folder.  I will add to this later on.
I have a paid for trading view account and an alpaca account.
Use data from https://www.capitoltrades.com/ to determine the best trades also
My aim is to scalp stocks in the first 1hr of NYSE taking advantage of stop gaps while also aliging to some capitoltrades.com

In the future if it makes sense, run this in Agent Zero or leave it running in Claude.

Build it in a reactjs / tanstack framework using shadcn.  If it requires a backend use nestjs or symfony. If it needs a database use mysql.  I can run node locally, or you can run the project in containers using docker compose.

To begin i want to paper trade and run tests on previous stock prices

Build a simple web gui using shadcn, where I can see our profit / loss, any settings and trades made.  If it makes sence, a area where I can add stocks to target.  I would like to be able to add a list of stocks in the morning UK time which will then check and run when the US Stock market opens.

Ask any questions.

------
1 - .env details
Alpaca API 
Endpoint=https://paper-api.alpaca.markets/v2
Key=PKHRMTMPZDM3L7NFJ6QX6EIA3C
Secret=5kTfURHNsnLUuNZgAR8QRNoxxgdJm4jMKe4Kz8ieqToK

2 - Yes Gap-ups Gap-downs
3 - have these as settings in the gui, I am in GBP but can do USD
4 - Yes scrape
5 - transcripts folder as txt files
6 - containerise now
7 - use nestjs, same language

create a .gitignore for this project

-----
1 - use alpca
2 - do stocks that have dropped that Emanuel focuses on.  I do not think my account allows to short stocks
3 - yes. I want to enter a total amount of money for that day e.g. £100 and you use these strategys to to morning scalping. I want another 2 settings for stops both above and below our total money for that day.  If you say went less than £20 we would stop or makde more than £180 we would stop.

----

In the transcripts section, create a section for each persons transcripts, group their strategies by their name. I want to be able to upload new transscripts and strategys are created or over written that belong to them. Each transcript will also have a name, for the current stategies just call them 'Strat 1..2..3' etc, I will rename after.  Store the strategys as text in the database with CRUD options.

When I 'Run Backtest on Selected' can you suggest why or why not the outcome is what it is, based off Each persons strategys.
Can you also show the outcome from using each persons strategy.  I want to understand which person is more realiable than the other based off what they suggest.

Ask any questions, you have permissions to do anything for this
----

----
----

